So, I hear the Dutch have _the best_ wishes. They're great.  It’s true.
An extremely credible source has called my office and told me that username's birth certificate is a fraud.
Nobody builds walls better than me, believe me.
The beauty of me is that I am very rich.
One of they key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don't go into government.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My IQ is one of the highest - and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure; it's not your fault.
Thanks sweetie. That's nice.
Number one, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.
You know, it really doesn't matter what the media write as long as you've got a young, and beautiful, piece of ass.
I think apologizing’s a great thing, but you have to be wrong. I will absolutely apologize, sometime in the hopefully distant future, if I’m ever wrong.
A lot of people — I don’t want this to sound trivial — but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive. It’s weird.
I think I'd get along very well with Vladimir Putin. I just think so.
President Trump would be so much better for US-Russian relations. It can't be worse.
I actually don't have a bad hairline.
I'm the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters.
Jimmy Carter used to walk off the airplane carrying his own luggage. Do you remember that? I don't want my president carrying - I want the freaking Marines to be carrying his luggage, and they want to carry his luggage.
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fraud
If I were running ‘The View’, I’d fire Rosie O’Donnell. I mean, I’d look at her right in that fat, ugly face of hers, I’d say ‘Rosie, you’re fired.
It’s freezing and snowing in New York - we need global warming!
No puppet. No puppet. You’re the puppet!
I don't like losers.
I'm really not a bad person, by the way. I do get good ratings.
I'm not ranting and raving, I'm just telling you you're dishonest people.
I'd be a pretty good reporter.
Rocket Man should have been handled a long time ago.
This should have been handled eight years ago and four years ago and, honestly, and 15 years ago and 28 years ago and 25 years ago
If Crooked Hillary got elected, you would not have a 2nd Amendment, believe me.